Basic graduation of k6/timers docs (#1529)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/javascript-api/k6-timers/_index.md

---
title: "k6/timers"
description: "k6 timers API"
weight: 13
---

# k6/timers

> Implement timers to work with k6's event loop. They mimic the commonly find in browser and other JavaScript runtimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement timers to work with k6's event loop. They mimic the functionality found in browsers and other JavaScript runtimes.
```

| Function                                       | Description                                                                                    |
| :------------------------------------------ | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [setTimeout](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setTimeout)     | sets a function to be run after a given timeout  |
> | [clearTimeout](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/clearTimeout) | clears a previously set timeout with `setTimeout` |
> | [setInterval](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setInterval)   | sets a function to be run on a given interval |
> | [clearInterval](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setInterval) | clears a previously set interval with `setInterval` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [clearInterval](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setInterval) | Clears a previously set interval with `setInterval`. |
| [clearTimeout](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/clearTimeout) | Clears a previously set timeout with `setTimeout`. |
| [setInterval](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setInterval)   | Sets a function to be run on a given interval. |
| [setTimeout](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/setTimeout)     | Sets a function to be run after a given timeout.  |
```

@mstoykov what do you think of ordering these alphabetically?

Author: I prefer to keep the order as they are grouped in how they are used which IMO is usually more useful.

Reviewer: That's fair. :)

I updated my suggestion to keep the order, but just keep the suggestions for updating the descriptions.
